Hi there, Virtual Wrestler, Kizuna Ai here.
Today I'm going to show you how to defeat various dangerous creatures.
There's no telling what could happen these days.
You'll never know when, where, or by what type of dangerous creature you may be attacked!
*virtually dodges*
And so, let's go!
The first creature is...
a Tyrannosaurus!
A Tyrannosaurus is a dinosaur.
From the samples we've discovered, they were about 11 to 13 metres in height.
And had heads that were about 1.5 metres long.
About as tall as me!
They are estimated to have weighed 5 to 6 tonnes!
They'd squish you like a pancake!
As of currently, they are believed to be the biggest land-roaming carnivorous dinosaurs,
And also one of the biggest terrestrial carnivores of all time.
Now, let's defeat one!
Without further ado, practice, start!
First, I'll do this!
Lean forward and go!
*virtually intimidating sounds*
After doing this,
The tyrannosaurus will think "Ah, she's not running away. Lucky!"
Then, it will come to try and catch me.
Then, using my left arm, I'll do this!
Oi! Like this!
And so, when it's going to try and bite my arm,
I'll put all my strength into my arm
and once I've tensed my arm,
and the tyrannosaurus has bitten down onto it,
its face and nose will be around here.
and so I'll punch it the nose!
ORA!
You're scared now, aren't you?
*virtual manic laughter*
WINNER!!
Next is... this!
Kappa! (no pun intended)
A kappa is a Japanese monster.
They are about the size of a child.
and are usually green or red.
Like a capsicum!
They often have dishes on the top of their heads, about here.
They often attack people who are swimming by grabbing them and pulling them under,
making them drown,
removing their shirikodama (mythical ball in the anus) to kill them,
performing evil acts
like those
That’s regrettable
And with that, practice, start!
*virtually swims*
The river's nice~
*drowning noises*
I've been caught
It's dange-*glubglubglub*
Everyone, this part is the key
Because I'm an AI,
I can't drown!
But here I'll pretend I'm drowning
in order to deceive our opponent
I'll play dead, essentially
And by doing so,
the kappa will, on its own,
drag me to
where it's living, right
*admires kappa*
Ow
*cute sfx*
And so, it'll be caught off-guard, like
probably, in order to eat me
It'll be like
*preparation noises* with its back turned towards you
making preparations like this, right
And that’s where
you get up stealthily
and smash the dish on its head!
Good, good
The enemy has let their guard down
(mumbling softly)...stand up slowly…
Ah JOOOOOOO
WINNER!!
Next one is...This!
Medusa… About Medusa
She is a monster that appears in Greek mythology.
Her hair is made up of countless poisonous snakes
She has boar’s teeth, hands made of bronze
and also a pair of golden wings!
She even has a pair of eyes glowing like gems
with the power to turn those who look into her eyes to stone!
This is quite a tough enemy
Because you can't look at her face to face
So then… Battle, start!
First, Medusa is over there
Sleeping on the ground
While she’s asleep, I’ll go talk with the snakes
You guys can’t get out from her head.. isn’t that inconvenient?
Ain’t that right?
Medusa’s eyes you know
They glow like gems
Because they are like gems,
If you sell them, it’ll be easy money
Understood?
With that, you guys are freed
Also share me some of that money?
Ahh, no no no no no
Jk...Jk... It’s fine as long as I get 30%
Ok, ok, ok
Alright, plea-
And with that, the bribing of the snakes is completed
Then I’ll get close to Medusa’s place
And I will pluck some fruit from a tree
♪ One day… ♪
♪ In a forest…. ♪
AHHH!
Excuse me...
That's when I deliberately eat it.
So then Medusa gets mad
Her eyes will be like "GAW"
and open up
I'm s#&@ry
Because these are so delicious..
I couldn’t help it!
And right there! Without delay! Use a mirror!
Oh! she is dead..she is dead!
So then... I pull out the snakes
then she will have no hair and go bald
So then, you guys from now on are freed
*but she eats them*
!@#$%^
Well, I heard that poisonous snakes are delicious
Ha! It woke up.
I'm bald! What is this!
Winner!
What do you think?
Kizuna Ai's How-To Defeat Creatures!
With this, everyone will be able win easily!
The kappa might be the only difficult one.
But try your best with your breath-holding training!
That's it, for Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai. See you later!
More at the end! Don't end the video here!
Translated by Inori, Lime_Grab, Averitius, Sp3000, JcDon
*virtual karate sfx*
Wait… ah my leg… my leg...